README.md, before:

Note:
_Regarding dependency vulnerabilities (specifically lodash etc.): I know that this exists. However, I won't update the dependencies because **this project is not deployed, nor should it be deployed immediately, in production. If you want to use it in your project, remember to update the dependencies yourself.** After all, it's just a demo project!_

# TypeScript with AWS Serverless Application Model
This is a sample project based on AWS SAM's hello-world template project, which demonstrates how you can use TypeScript with SAM/Lambda (which is not currently supported by SAM/Lambda itself).

# Prerequisites
1. [AWS SAM CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/sam/)
2. [Node.js 8/10 or NPM](https://nodejs.org/en/)

# Usage
Two ways to do this:

Use my script that automatically watches and builds the TypeScript files; it also starts a local SAM instance:
```
cd hello-world
npm install
npm run start-api
```
or run the build process manually and use SAM CLI directly:
```
cd hello-world
npm install
npm run build
cd ..
sam local start-api
```
## Caveat
* You need to reload the script when either (1) template.yaml is modified, or (2) you have installed an extra dependency

# Running Tests
```
cd hello-world
npm install
npm run test
```

# Explanation
Since AWS Lambda does not natively support TypeScript (which is understandable because it is not a runtime), you need to: 
* manually compile your TS files into JS files.
* copy all dependencies to your /dist folder (which contains the built artefacts that are going to be deployed to Lambda).
* start a local SAM API instance (i.e. run `sam local start-api`)

## Difference between this project and AWS's official hello-world template
* Tests are contained in *.spec.ts
* TypeScript! (added tsconfig.json)
* A bit more sample code (e.g. example.service.ts) to demonstrate imports
* template.yaml points to /dist instead of /hello-world
* More dependencies to help automate the build process (tsc, ts-node, concurrently, cpx, mkdirp; all of which are listed under devDependencies)

# Questions or Issues?
Chuck them in as an issue! I'll try to help, but keep in mind that this is just a hobby project of mine.

Commit message:

update README.md with next steps

README.md, after:

Note:
_Regarding dependency vulnerabilities (specifically lodash etc.): I know that this exists. However, I won't update the dependencies because **this project is not deployed, nor should it be deployed immediately, in production. If you want to use it in your project, remember to update the dependencies yourself.** After all, it's just a demo project!_

# TypeScript with AWS Serverless Application Model
This is a sample project based on AWS SAM's hello-world template project, which demonstrates how you can use TypeScript with SAM/Lambda (which is not currently supported by SAM/Lambda itself).

# Prerequisites
1. [AWS SAM CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/sam/)
2. [Node.js 8/10 or NPM](https://nodejs.org/en/)

# Usage
Two ways to do this:

Use my script that automatically watches and builds the TypeScript files; it also starts a local SAM instance:
```
cd hello-world
npm install
npm run start-api
```
or run the build process manually and use SAM CLI directly:
```
cd hello-world
npm install
npm run build
cd ..
sam local start-api
```
## Caveat
* You need to reload the script when either (1) template.yaml is modified, or (2) you have installed an extra dependency

# Running Tests
```
cd hello-world
npm install
npm run test
```

# Explanation
Since AWS Lambda does not natively support TypeScript (which is understandable because it is not a runtime), you need to: 
* manually compile your TS files into JS files.
* copy all dependencies to your /dist folder (which contains the built artefacts that are going to be deployed to Lambda).
* start a local SAM API instance (i.e. run `sam local start-api`)

## Difference between this project and AWS's official hello-world template
* Tests are contained in *.spec.ts
* TypeScript! (added tsconfig.json)
* A bit more sample code (e.g. example.service.ts) to demonstrate imports
* template.yaml points to /dist instead of /hello-world
* More dependencies to help automate the build process (tsc, ts-node, concurrently, cpx, mkdirp; all of which are listed under devDependencies)

# Next steps
- Reorganise the code here. This repository is based on AWS SAM's official hello-world template, which, in my opinion, is shoddily organised. AWS SAM supports running multiple languages and packages on one stack, but working with multiple languages on one monolithic stack is a recipe for disaster and headaches, as you can't leverage language-specific features in your project (e.g. npm scripts in this case). If you require multiple languages on one stack, consider breaking your stack into multiple stacks, with each stack being a microservice.
- Use webpack! Webpack allows you to _ahem_ add extra build steps without making your package.json scripts messy. Webpack also has a bunch of plugins which you can easily integrate to make your TS/Lambda development way nicer.

# Questions or Issues?
Chuck them in as an issue! I'll try to help, but keep in mind that this is just a hobby project of mine.
